I have always thought deeply about each point Kohn mentioned in the article. There were several instances I have thought that if we were to be left freely to learn something new because it interests us and not because we can be graded according to it, more people would be willing to try and learn something new. Kohn mentions, “Grades tend to diminish students’ interest in whatever they’re learning”, and “Grades create a preference for the easiest possible task.” After reading these two statements, I remembered about a time where I had to give a presentation, which was graded, after reading The Great Gatsby. I had always looked forward to reading this book but when I knew it would be graded, I wanted to get it over with as soon as possible, so instead of reading the book, I instead turned to the movie as it took me a lot less time. 

In my experience, I have never been able to think outside the box and participate in classroom discussions as much as I do outside, as being an anxious person who is scared of having the spotlight being put on me during class, I never spoke up because I always thought that I might be incorrect and might have some of my points taken away, but when I had the same discussion without much pressure being put on me outside the classroom, I truly enjoyed it. For as long as I can remember, even now, it’s very rare that I learn something because I “want” to know, but because I “need” to know for good grades. Even now, after just a week of class, I am scared to be getting an “F” because what if I know the information that I want to know instead of the information that the professors want me to.

The pressure that comes with grades, which I believe not many people talk about, is competition; the way you see everyone else as your competition. My motivation to learn new things, for as long as I can remember, has stopped being to gain more knowledge about it, but it is to get a better grade than my classmate, or sometimes it is to do well in the next test so that I can get a better grade than what I did last time. This has made me to see everyone, including myself, as my competition. Many times I have pondered upon the goals of a school or the teachers. Are they really trying to teach us something, or are they just trying to attach a letter to all our knowledge and achievements. 

I also believe if grades were to be replaced with continuous feedbacks, it would take a huge pressure off of the students, and it could also improve the relationship between a student and a professor. I cannot remember the number of times I have despised some of my professors who gave me a lesser grade despite all of the efforts I put on a presentation/project/assignment.

The article also made me realize how much importance I have placed on my grades, and this results me in asking myself if I will ever be learning for fun again.
